we asked a few familiar faces what they
thought of the results I think everyone
is always shocked when someone goes and
lulu's no exception
but everyone was particularly fond of
her so she was such a lovely character
around studio and was so supportive of
us so she'll be missed
I think as a assignment to go yeah home
alone I think it's the toughest part of
the competition because seeing anybody
leave at this point is just very very
Brendan's like one of my best mates on
the show and it is Gutzon when you see
people like that going and I thought
Lulu actually apart from one mistake in
the tango it was one of her best dancers
I just think it proves tonight that
nobody is safe in this competition
you know Lulu's being great you know
versus NHS is lively she's a wonderful
person
this proves no be safe it was a tough
day today but I think we've you know we
would take it all on board move forward
to next week and say another another
dance